I hear as I worship a limited number I
don't wash arbitrary bones you know
Einstein Newton yeah there are a few
late great names that stand up 19x down
below through other fake names on a
great fan of Eliot Brown who was a
remarkable man yeah it's real I was like
how many the cats have nine lives only
yes except in Spanish they have eleven
already but ya know we're alive well I
wouldn't even use three because his
first life he was a very famous
apologist and he proved craziest apology
to prove what he became called the fixed
points here the fixed point theorem
empowers marvelous theory says something
exists that thing called appointment can
be almost anything so people about all
over the place to prove something happen
then then meet suddenly had a change of
heart by many people where the dawn
religion comes or and religion is what
I'll use is a true funny business
confinement so I can prove it it is hard
like how do I get there no idea so that
he switch there were what I didn't buy
earlier I was rubbish smart again he now
began with constructivists unless you
can give a construction to find
something then it doesn't exist so you
through he he was he threw away his
first wife he talks to his second wife
they all take obviously
construction and then the third life he
felt a bit sad about that because the
first wife used a lot of beautiful
mathematics which he wasn't allowed to
use and instructs his game he was
allowed you see so you know he didn't
like that so the third one he wanted to
have his cake and eat it so he became
what's called an intuitionist
now intuitionists how to define what is
intuition well English you have these
dreams in the dreams very single true
true in reality but we have a dream you
would not get anywhere sorry
it is dream he tripped somehow combining
the point of view of constructivism and
6.0 and making the background there is a
nice unique painting in the world that
symbolizes that if you go into the
Sistine Chapel of the Vatican
there is a fresco on the wall painted by
Michelangelo after the one named and
Michael and I paint on that various
celestial because of the most famous one
all is God and man God is up there
looking like God because he should look
like there is man down here and man cut
his finger like that God is finger like
that and it didn't just meet so easily
and with what map was with construction
is God coming down with beautiful ideas
and and little spark that you need to go
from there there it was interesting this
what this is a spark of life a sparkle
idea and that spot is it you don't see
this coming together paint he was a
little gap the gap it was missing now
that's pretty by Michelangelo
we should probably one of his most
famous paintings and I will actually
called out to my dad's lab I have parent
had the honeymoon in Florence
hey so yeah he had my cleanser to money
sit here enough yeah that was the most
beautiful description about painting
I've ever heard I mean it
I don't think when I was a boy I would
remember mad and those old man I see
yeah
okay because of they got up there